You seem to be wearing a hat.
Forget it, if I hadn’t made you feel wronged by Lu today,
I don't want to take you there yet.
I have no unclear wishes. You didn't do anything by looking for the letter.
So are you feeling unwell?
It’s not me, it’s my grandpa,
In the late stages of the case, Shinichi used all the available methods.
Or if you can't try to be in love with each other.
Now there are only those who want the king,
Only by giving me a new female burden can I fully save my grandfather's life.
So no matter what the cost,
I asked Wang Kaigong to help me.
Then it's really nice of you to meet me
He just didn't want this universe
I should be able to get in and out
It's a shame what you said is true
I haven't had a break in and out of course
Although I said you told me you were right
You are the bottom function of the dragon
It's Reiwu
I was worried before
I went to visit Dandan recently.
Do I need to turn on the machine?
Worried about not having enough time, unexpectedly
It’s great that some people can take medicine now
I'm too airy
What have you handed in again?
I was saved with me
Want to hand
I have the worst grades, right? That’s great, right?
But you have to prepare well in advance